docs: Adjust bug template (#6324)
unoplatform/uno: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

<!-- Please provide steps to workaround this problem if possible -->

## Works on UWP/WinUI
<!--
Yes / No

To make sure this is an Uno Platform specific issue, try running your sample application 

> on Windows using the UWP or WinUI project. If it does not work as well, it may be a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on Windows using the UWP or WinUI project. If it does not work on Windows either, it may be a 

```
